Revise Miniforge3 documentation with updates (#872)
nesi/support-docs: docs/Scientific_Computing/Supported_Applications/Miniforge3.md

---
created_at: '2020-06-23T23:10:13Z'
tags: 
  - python
  - environments
---

!!! note "Preferred Alternatives"
     - If you want a more reproducible and isolated environment, we

>          recommend using the [Singularity containers](../../Scientific_Computing/Supported_Applications/Apptainer.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         recommend using the [Apptainer containers](../../Scientific_Computing/Supported_Applications/Apptainer.md).
```

     snippet in your `~/.bashrc` file that will freeze the version of conda
     used, bypassing the environment module system.

!!! warning "Defaults Channel"
     If you are using a `environment.yml` file, you will have to remove the
     `defaults` channel, or you will receive an error.
     
     ``` out
     Failed to create Conda environment
     The channel is not accessible or is invalid.
     ``` 
     

>      The `defaults` channel is blocked due to Anacondas licencing requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The `defaults` channel is blocked due to Anaconda's licensing requirements.
```
